When the application is first started, the user will be prompted with three options:
2 Players (both human)
vs CPU (1 human, one CPU)
I am a Robot (two CPUs)

The game will boot up and the user will need to press the "Roll" button on the top of the main board to start the game.
When selecting two AI players, the program will simply auto run until the specified number of games has been concluded. A graph will be displayed at the end.

DISPLAY
There are two players that are part of the game.
Player 1 data is represented with data on the left tab.
Player 2 data is represented with data on the right tab.

The data tab contains data as follows:
NAME (Username and color)
DOLLARS (Amount of money the player has)
POSITION (Position on the board)
INCOME (Percentage of income that the player will earn, where the base income is 10k)
POWERUPS (The "View Power-Ups" version will display the player power up inventory)

TILES
There are 7 tiles in the game:
	Empty tile that does nothing
	Money tile that pays the user based on their income percentage
	Powerup tile that will give a random powerup to the user
	Forward tile that gives the player an advantage
	Backward tile that gives the player a disadvantage
	Life Event tile that allows the player to roll a separate die to determine the outcomes of an event
	Super Money tile that pays out a big amount to the player

POWERUPS
There are 5 powerups. The player can only hold 3 powerups, and any new powerups after 3 will be lost.
	Bank Account Hack allows you to steal 30% of your opponent's money
	Job Promotion will grant a 30% income boost and a 3 tile movement forwards
	Energy Drink will simply give you 1000 dollars
	Time Freeze lets you skip your opponent's turn
	Speed Boost will propel you 6 tiles + a die roll, thus max 12 tile forward movements

SHOP
The player will able to buy powerups from the shop. The player can also buy lottery tickets that will have a 10% chance of granting the player 10k.
Alternatively, if the player is really rich then they can purchase the shop and gain an income boost.

WIN CONDITION
We tried to follow the basic rule of the Game of Life. The players do not "win" per se, but they receive an ending that is dependent on their stats.
For instance, if the player ends the game with negative money, they will receive an "In debt" ending.
The game will end and display the player endings when both players reach the end tile.

BOARD
The board is hardcoded and static. The tiles on the board will not change and the players will follow a linear path to the end.
However, the certain event tiles on the board are random and will activate a random event for the player.
The power ups are also obtained randomly to prevent similar gameplay.

LEADERBOARD
The leaderboard will also feature 10 of the richest players and will output the cumulative amount of money that the player earned.
For instance, if "Bob" ends two games with 10k each, their leaderboard money will be displayed as 20k. 
The leaderboard money can be updated negatively, as well, so that players have the potential of losing their spot.

